(BIRDS TWITTERING)
(BELL RINGING)
WOMAN: Once upon a time,
on the North Shore
of Long Island,
not far from New York,
there was a very,
very large mansion,
almost a castle,
where there lived a family
by the name of Larrabee.
There were servants
inside the mansion
and servants
outside the mansion,
boatmen to tend the boats,
and six crews of gardeners,
two for the solarium,
the rest for the grounds,
and a tree surgeon on retainer.
There were specialists
for the indoor tennis courts
and the outdoor tennis courts,
the outdoor swimming pool,
and the indoor swimming pool.
And over the garage,
there lived a chauffeur
by the name of Fairchild,
imported from England years ago,
together with
a Rolls-Royce
and a daughter
named Sabrina.
* In the moonlight
* When the shadows play
* When the thought
Of what could happen
* Takes your breath away
* Sighs and whispers
* Quiet laughter in the air
* Can make it seem that love
* Is everywhere...
WOMAN: Among other things,
the Larrabees were noted
for the parties they gave.
Few people anymore give
parties the way they did.
* Make it relatively easy...
WOMAN: It never rained on the
night of a Larrabee party.
The Larrabees wouldn't
have stood for it.
* In the half-light
* Can we trust *
WOMAN: There was
Maude Larrabee,
who inherited
the Larrabee corporation
when her husband died on the
13th hole at Pebble Beach.
Sweetheart, go talk
to Colonel Morgan.
He looks bored.
Senator, have I got somebody
I want you to meet.
WOMAN: Maude was on
the cover of Fortune.
There was Linus, the older son,
who graduated from Yale at 19
and took his mother
and the company for a ride
on the fiber-optic highway
and turned a $100 million
family business
into some serious money.
Well, I just don't
feel like buying
any more networks this year.
There's never anything good on.
I said the offer expired at 10:00.
It's 10:08, Robert.
WOMAN: Linus was on
the cover of Time.
But most of all,
there was David,
the younger son...
Who was in and out
of many schools
and even more relationships.
He was handsome and charming
and funny and romantic.
It's so rare to meet
such a beautiful woman
with your sense of
humor and irony...
And poetry...
And hair color.
WOMAN: David did a Gap ad.
Sabrina?
Sabrina, come down.
(LAUGHING)
Oh.
Uh!
She made him laugh.
You have to finish packing.
Am I witty?
I wonder if Paris
is far away enough.
No, really. Do you
think I'm funny?
Hilarious. You should
host a talk show.
Sabrina, the full-time
observation of David Larrabee
is not a recognized profession.
Get out of that tree.
I'll be there in a minute.
Oh!
It's just you, Sabrina.
Hello, David.
I thought I heard somebody.
No, it's nobody.
* How can I remember things
* That never happened
* Arms that never held me
* Lips I never kissed
* How can I remember?
* Why do I keep seeing
someone's face
* Before me?
* Eyes that say they know me
* Shining through the mist
* Eyes that I remember
* I don't know why
* Or when or where *
Sabrina?
You've spent more of
your life up that tree
than you have on solid ground.
You know how lucky we are
that Mrs. Larrabee has friends
who have a job for you,
so you can have
this European experience?
The time in Paris
will be so good for you.
If your mother were
alive, she'd be so happy.
It's what she always wanted.
What if he forgets all about me?
How can he forget someone
he doesn't know exists?
I didn't mean that, Sabrina.
I just meant...
There's much more to you
than this obsession.
I hope you know that.
Thanks, Dad.
Good night.
* How can I remember things
* That never happened
* Arms that never held me
* Lips I've never kissed? *
WOMAN: I need more
help out here.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
Where you going?
It's early.
It takes me half an hour
to get out of here.
I got to check
on the Tokyo market
before it closes. Good night.
Bye.
Linus, Andrea Colson told me
you just fired her son.
He's an idiot.
But she was a bridesmaid
at my wedding.
She is one of my best friends.
This is business, mother.
Listen, I got to drop something
off in David's room.
When he surfaces from this
week's love of his life,
tell him I put his suspenders
back in his closet.
You're not leaving now!
You'll miss my fireworks.
It's okay, Mother.
I had a pony ride
and I got my face painted.
Good night.
David, David.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Come in.
I came to say goodbye.
What?
Don't come out!
If I look at you, I might not
be able to get through this.
Okay.
Please don't say anything.
I'm leaving tomorrow for Paris,
and I'll be away a long time.
I don't expect you to think
about me while I'm gone.
You haven't thought about
me while I was here.
I just want to say...
I think... I think I know you
better than anybody else.
I mean, whatever
they think or say,
I know the truth...
That you're
a wonderful person...
Kind and generous and...
And for what it's worth,
know that someone...
Very far away
is thinking of you.
So if there's anything
I can ever do...
Could you bring me
one of those little Eiffel
Tower paperweights?
Oh, my God!
(CHEERING)
Oui, oui, oui, oui.
Ca va?
Ca va.
Bonjour.
Welcome to Vogue, Sabrina.
You speak no French, yes?
No.
No?
I mean, yes, I don't.
Sorry. Please, could you
repeat the question?
(SPEAKING IN FRENCH)
We have many shoes, you see.
Very, very important.
(SPEAKING IN FRENCH)
But the most important is
Louboutin, Manolo, and Umberlin.
You know, I speak
very good the English.
MAN: Maquillage! Maquillage!
You food and clothes the
place goes to shoot.
When we need it tell,
need it tell, okay?
You'll tell. And all the
days, most important,
Louboutin, Manolos, Umberlin.
Louboutin...
(SPEAKING IN FRENCH)
Belt. Belt.
Ceinture.
Ingrid, hurry up!
I am putting in my contacts.
No, no. (SPEAKING IN
FRENCH) Another one.
Another one! No!
MARTINE: No, no. No.
Another one.
The nice one.
(SPEAKING IN FRENCH)
Sabrina, la machine!
Oh...
(GROANING)
Sabrina, don't
worry for Martine.
I tortured her.
Now she tortures you.
Succeed, you'll get someone
of your own to torture.
TOM: But you've only been
there for two weeks.
I doubt every single
person in Paris
thinks you're an idiot.
Only because I haven't
met them all.
Sabrina, you're being
much too hard on yourself.
Give it a chance.
Now, what matters
is you're away from here,
experiencing new things, getting
another view of the world,
finding new friends,
and not constantly thinking about...
You know who!
Morning.
Morning, Tom.
She's fine.
She hasn't adjusted
completely, but she...
She's miserable.
I knew it.
I told you not to send her.
Mr. Tom, maybe
this not for me
to put my hands in this,
but when I first
come to this country,
I am alone,
like Sabrina.
I just weigh more.
So I ask to God,
"Why I am here?"
I say, "Why, God?"
But there is no answer.
So... I stop crying.
It takes 11 years!
Thank you, Rosa.
Did she mention David?
Just that life without him
is a hopeless abyss of
misery and despair.
I believe those were her words.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
(SPEAKING IN FRENCH)
Raise your leg.
Yes! Hoo! Yeah.
Have a drink with me.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
(CLUB MUSIC PLAYING)
Fairchild.
Morning, sir.
DAVID: Hey, Linus!
You got a minute?
David, does it ever occur to you
that you're an officer of
the Larrabee Corporation?
Listen, Linus, I met someone.
Recall the address of our building?
It's 389 Park Avenue.
Hey, I'm not kidding!
Your office is on
the 48th floor.
This is really somebody!
So what's the problem?
Well, I've invited her
for dinner here Friday,
and I just don't want
you and mother...
Listen, this girl is
smart, she's really smart.
Well, that certainly
hasn't come up before.
Listen, Linus,
she's a real woman.
She's not a, you know...
Transvestite?
She's not a bimbo.
She's a doctor.
Pediatrician, actually.
How did you meet her?
I was at this party,
and the host's kid got
sick with something
and I rushed him over to
Lennox Hill emergency,
and she was the resident
on duty, and we just...
We just hit it right off.
How'd the sick kid make out?
Listen, when you guys meet her,
just try to make me look good.
I mean, I know I look
good, but you know,
try to make me sound good.
Mention my accomplishments,
my qualities.
(CHUCKLING)
You can be creative.
Lie, okay?
She says her folks know you.
What's her name? Tyson.
Elizabeth Tyson.
Tyson Electronics Tyson?
Tyson... I don't know.
MAUDE: Here's
a toughie...
Which one works for a living?
Wow. Great hat,
mother.
Good morning, blue eyes.
Bring her around. We'll try
and make you look good.
You guys work Sundays now, huh?
It's Wednesday, David.
(KEYBOARD CLICKING)
Guess what.
David's taking out
Patrick Tyson's daughter.
(COMPUTER DIALING)
Well, well, well.
WOMAN: Yes, sir?
Mack, give me Harvey.
Harvey.
Harvey, I want you to start
buying up chunks of Tyson stock,
not so much that
anybody would notice.
That's it.
I hope she doesn't
look like Patrick.
For once,
your father didn't lie.
You are lovely!
Thank you.
I'm Maude.
Pleasure.
Linus.
I've heard a lot about
you from my father.
And you're really a doctor?
No. He made that up.
(ALL LAUGHING)
She was just promoted to
assistant head of pediatrics.
And I told her the
hospital could count on us
for a couple million dollars.
David!
Is he a world-class
philanthropist, or what?
Just squeeze.
(SHUTTER CLICKING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
SABRINA: I like Louis.
He's funny and sweet
and such a good photographer.
But someone is in the way.
Is it this David you mentioned
casually 40 or 50 times
when you first came over?
He sounds perhaps
like an illusion.
He keeps me company.
You think so?
Illusions are dangerous people.
They have no flaws.
I came here from Provence,
alone...
Uneducated.
For eight months...
No, more than that, a year...
I sat in a cafe, I drank coffee,
and I wrote nonsense
in a journal...
And then, somehow,
it was not nonsense.
I went for long walks,
and I met myself in Paris.
You seem... Embarrassed
by loneliness,
by being alone.
(CAR LOCK CHIRPING)
It's only a place to start.
WOMAN: (OVER PA) Dr. Forrest,
dial 118, please.
Dr. Forrest,
please dial 1-1-8.
I'm sorry about your party.
It's okay.
Are you hungry?
I'm starving.
Tell you what I'll do.
I'll draw you a hot bath.
I'll whip us up a superb omelet.
Do you have eggs,
cheese, green pepper,
tomato...
No green pepper.
No tomato.
(SIGHING) Oh, well. Then
I'll just whip us up a...
Somewhat superb omelet.
David...
You are the best.
You mean making a hot
bath and an omelet
are roughly on par with
saving a 5 year old's life?
It'll save my life.
(CHUCKLING)
God, you're easy on me.
Okay.
Then why don't you marry me?
Okay, why don't I?
Don't kid about stuff like that.
Okay...
Why don't I?
You sure you know what it is?
Yeah, that thing where you
hang together, a lot...
Sleep in the same room, button each
other's hard-to-reach buttons.
Then I accept.
Really?
Why?
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
Mr. Larrabee?
David! What a nice
surprise.
He's in a meeting.
He's at lunch!
Rapid gain would...
Ron. Ron.
I need to talk to you.
I'm in a meeting.
When was the last time
I came here?
You're right.
Ron.
I wondered why I was
suddenly being treated
with so much respect.
Something bothering you, David?
You've been pushing me into this
relationship with Elizabeth
so you could engineer
a merger with Tyson.
Pushing you?
I could burn in hell for
the lies I told about you.
You begged me to make you look
good in front of Elizabeth.
You never said a word about planning
to make an offer to Patrick...
"Talk about my
accomplishments," you said.
"My qualities.
Be creative.
"Lie," you said.
(SIGHING)
I can't do this, Linus.
I'm not ready to make
this kind of commitment.
Oh, I see.
She must have asked for
an actual wedding date.
I don't know what came over me.
She was healing children,
I was in a tuxedo.
I'm not in any position
to take care of a wife.
Elizabeth is a doctor and
a millionaire, David.
She won't be a burden.
You don't deserve her,
but she appears to love you.
Yeah. See, doesn't that
worry you a little bit?
I mean, about her mental health?
(CHUCKLING)
David...
(SIGHING) Oh, man.
So this is all
just a coincidence.
It's an opportunity.
Opportunity.
What do you expect me to do,
disqualify myself from a
billion-dollar merger
because I might have
family connections?
(GUNSHOTS)
What are you doing?
It was just a question!
Look at this thing.
Not a scratch.
Is this some new way
of changing the subject?
No one in the world has a
flat-panel screen this size
except Patrick Tyson.
And damn thing
is indestructible.
He's sitting on the hottest
technology in town,
and everyone
on Wall Street knows it.
We've got so much competition
on this merger that...
Wait a minute Linus, you're
talking about my life.
I pay for your life, David.
My life makes
your life possible.
I resent that.
So do I.
Look at yourself.
You went to law school.
You never took the bar.
You went to business school.
I can't get you anywhere
near the office.
You studied languages
you don't speak,
instruments you don't play.
You have a series of girlfriends
you never see more than twice.
Do you not see a pattern here?
Who are you to lecture
me about closeness?
Your idea of
a long-term relationship
is giving your date a
chance to order dessert.
I don't have time for dessert.
I'm too busy with this company.
You're a grown man, David.
Finish something.
Elizabeth Tyson's the best thing
that ever happened to you.
And you told me so yourself.
(TAPPING ON DRINKING GLASS)
I would like to propose a toast.
To my... Baby girl,
Dr. Elizabeth Tyson.
Talented MD.
And to my future
son-in-law David Larrabee,
lucky SOB...
(LAUGHTER)
Just kidding, David.
Just kidding.
PATRICK: Just kidding.
No, we're all very lucky.
We're very lucky.
Not only is this
the joining forever
of two gorgeous people,
but two gorgeous companies.
Hear, hear.
I want to wish you all the luck
and happiness you deserve.
And...
May your first child
be a masculine child.
It's from Serpico.
Nacimiento.
Tell Yoshi to bring
the Portobello.
Ahora?
Oui.
You're quite a linguist.
Yes.
I traveled a lot
before I married Patrick.
I was a stewardess.
Now they call them
flight attendants.
Oh, really?
Well, I bet I could still get
your seat back
in the upright position.
Whenever they try to be funny,
it comes out perverse...
(LAUGHING)
Or terrifying.
I see.
You'll get used to it.
TOM: She says to be sure
to tell you
that she misses you
and sends all of you her love.
What does she say
about the engagement?
You didn't tell her.
I don't know how.
I don't know what to say.
You say, "Darling Sabrina,
"la vida es sueno.
"Your life is a dream,
and now it is over."
I know, because we Spaniards...
TOM: My dearest Sabrina,
although I am sure
this will come as a shock,
it is my belief that what
I am about to tell you
is all for the best.
I know how strongly you have
always felt about this,
and so I have been
reluctant to write...
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
I am in Paris, but you
are somewhere else.
I'm sorry, Louis.
I shouldn't have done this.
I would like to help.
But what you have to fix,
you won't fix it in bed.
You have to fix it here.
(SHUTTER CLICKING)
(SINGING IN FRENCH)
(SINGING RESUMES)
(WHISPERING)
SABRINA: Dear Dad,
this is my last letter
from Paris.
I may even be home
before you get it.
Don't worry about picking me up.
I'd like to surprise you.
Amazing.
It's gone by so quickly.
Gertrude Stein said,
"America is my country,
"and Paris
is my hometown."
I'll always feel that way
about Paris.
I want so much for you to know
what it's meant to me.
It's turned cold out,
but I don't feel cold.
Across the street someone
is playing La Vie en Rose.
They do it for the tourists,
but I'm always surprised
at how it moves me.
It means seeing life through
rose-colored glasses.
Only in Paris,
where the light is pink,
could that song make sense,
but I'll have it in my
pocket when I get home...
And I'll take it with me
wherever I go
from now on.
Love to you, Dad.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
Hey.
What are you doing?
Drove out with Maude.
Have to be here
for her birthday party.
Might as well stay over.
Yeah? What did
you get her?
Portable fax machine.
You sentimental fool.
Hey, it's easy for you.
She's so glad
you finally set a date,
you'll never have to
buy her another present.
That's not what she says.
I got her a little Picasso.
Having it wrapped in town.
What did that cost me?
I don't know.
So who's the new
bidder on Tyson?
Unisat?
And a couple of other companies.
Cash or stock options?
I love it when you talk dirty.
(DOG YELPING)
Come back.
Excuse me.
What's that?
A dog.
Why?
Ah! It's Elizabeth's
gift to mother.
She feels guilty about
missing the party.
She's stuck at some
UCLA seminar.
I got to go pick up
Maude's present.
I want you to know
something, Linus.
I'm glad about Elizabeth.
You should be.
She's terrific.
She's smart,
independent, pretty as hell.
Why don't you marry her?
Go on. I'm kidding. Kidding.
(HORN HONKING)
Hi.
How are you?
I'm... I'm great.
(SABRINA LAUGHING)
Uh... How are you?
Good.
(LAUGHING)
I'm just surprised
to see you here.
Well... You know me.
(SABRINA LAUGHING)
Don't ya?
(LAUGHING)
Uh... Can I give you
a lift?
Are you on your way home?
Yes.
Well, that's convenient.
Are you sure you wouldn't mind?
You know, I, uh...
I can't remember
the name of your street.
Dosoris Lane.
What?
That's where I live.
Small world.
Big lane.
You don't recognize me, do you?
Yeah.
Of course I do.
You're my... Neighbor.
On Dosoris Lane.
(LAUGHING) And you're David.
I sure am.
One of the lesser Larrabees.
Oh, in what way lesser?
Pretty much every way.
But, please, no pity.
(LAUGHING)
I could have sworn I
knew every pretty girl
on the North Shore.
Oh! I could have sworn you took
in more territory than that.
Ouch.
Although that was a while ago.
I heard somewhere that you're
engaged to be married.
Oh! Yeah, I am,
but we're both very
busy, busy people,
and it's been very
difficult to set a date.
So, come on. Give me a clue.
Just one.
(LAUGHING) Oh, no.
This is too much fun.
Please.
There's your driveway.
I was just going to say that.
Uh, would you like to
come in for a drink?
What a good idea.
Wow.
It looks like
you're having a party.
Tomorrow night.
They used to have
lovely parties here.
Oh. Then you've
been to them.
No.
But I saw the lights
from a distance.
What's the occasion?
It's too late for an
engagement party.
Oh. No, no. As a matter of fact, my
fiancee's in California this week.
It's actually a birthday
party for my mother.
But then you probably know that.
Listen...
The party's at 9:00.
Will you come?
Do you really want me to?
Very much.
If you'll tell me who you are.
Hello, Sabrina.
Hello, Linus.
S... Sabrina?
Have a good time in Paris?
Yes, thank you.
Sabrina?
You look all grown up.
Why does he keep saying that?
Um, I... I need to
go find my father.
I'll get my bags later.
Uh, wait a minute.
Thanks for the ride.
David.
No.
What are you talking about?
I was ju...
No.
JOANNA: Sabrina!
My sweetheart!
(LAUGHTER)
I brought you a scarf, Joanna,
a real Paris scarf.
I'll show you how to tie it.
Has he seen you?
Yes! No. Who?
Your father.
TOM: Oh, Sabrina!
For going out.
For staying in.
(LAUGHING)
For the laughs.
Better than Christmas.
(LAUGHING)
Who took these?
I did.
I hope this hangs out
before tomorrow night.
Tomorrow night is Mrs.
Larrabee's birthday party.
Yes. I've been invited.
By whom?
By David.
Of course, he didn't know it
was me when he invited me.
Now that he knows?
I'm still invited, I guess.
Maybe I'll try steaming it.
(SHOWER RUNNING)
Dad, please.
SABRINA: I promised myself
years ago,
all of those years,
hundreds of times,
thousands of times,
and now I'm invited.
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
(ORCHESTRA PLAYING)
Excuse me.
Hello.
You're here.
Yes.
I am.
That's true.
You look beautiful.
So do you.
Look good.
Fabulous party, Maude.
I'm so sorry Elizabeth
can't be here.
So am I.
She gave me a dog.
I can't believe I'm here.
I went to a party once
in a villa in Provence.
I didn't know a single person.
Rothschild was there.
Everyone was speaking in French.
I could hardly
understand a word.
But, uh, I felt more
comfortable than I do now.
Here! Drink this
as quickly as possible
and it won't seem
so strange to you.
Whoa. David.
Better?
Not yet.
Trust me, it will be.
Which Rothschild?
Bubba.
(LAUGHING)
Oh, is that funny?
Did Elizabeth
pick out her dress?
We're still doing
the guest list.
Six hundred so far, and
that's just on our side.
That's not a wedding,
it's a town.
Stop. It's going
to be wonderful.
Elegant but simple.
Lavish but tasteful.
Cheap but expensive.
Hi.
Nice seeing you again.
Rosa!
$23 a pound.
They'll be gone in five minutes.
Eat fast.
(CHUCKLING)
You are a princess.
(ORCHESTRA PLAYING
LA VIE EN ROSE)
For you.
Who's that?
Who?
That girl.
The one with David.
MAUDE: Oh, well,
oh, that's...
That's... That's just...
Oh, my God.
That's Sabrina.
David's known her since
she was 2 years old.
Hmm.
She didn't have that dress
when she was 2 years old.
She's drinking champagne
and eating seafood.
And her hair's washed,
and her lips are red,
and her teeth are white.
And he made a song for her.
I don't like it.
Well, Sabrina.
When did you get back?
Yesterday.
Happy birthday,
Mrs. Larrabee.
For a minute,
I didn't recognize you.
(CHUCKLES) It's the haircut.
To say the least.
Some surprise,
isn't she, mother?
She certainly is, son.
Ah!
Wow!
(INAUDIBLE)
Dance with me.
Now?
While the music's playing.
It's harder when they stop.
Come on.
David.
Yes?
You know, I've been to every
party you've ever had.
Right there.
Watching from that tree.
Like a bat.
And now here we are, dancing,
in front of God and everyone.
I should have paid
more attention to you.
I don't know
what I was thinking of.
Yourself.
(LAUGHING)
It feels so good to hold you.
Does it?
Do you know
how beautiful you are?
No.
You're dazzling.
Dazzling?
Suddenly back in my
life and dazzling.
Am I back in your life?
I don't think you realize
what you've done to me.
Then you better tell me.
You're changing everything.
MAUDE: She's like a
sister to him, Patrick.
I have a sister.
That's not how we dance.
(INAUDIBLE)
It's Sabrina.
Go and see.
I can't believe
this is happening.
You're absolutely transformed.
And you're exactly the same.
(CHUCKLING) You were perfect.
You still are.
Sabrina.
Yes?
Let's go someplace we can talk.
We are talking.
Someplace else.
Please.
I haven't seen you in years.
I'm not sure I ever saw you.
Come with me.
For a little while.
We could just go...
To the solarium?
What?
It has to be the solarium.
And you bring
a bottle of champagne.
And you put the glasses in the
back pockets of your jacket.
I don't think there
are any back pockets
to my jacket.
You were paying attention.
And the orchestra will play...
How Can I Remember?
Yes.
I'll have them do that.
And then afterwards...
I'll wake up.
(LAUGHTER)
(HUMMING)
Great.
Thank you very much.
Appreciate it.
See you later.
You got a minute?
Not right now, actually.
I have an appointment.
Sure, you do.
David, what are you doing?
Are you insane?
Right smack dab in front of
your prominent and
paranoid future in-laws,
you are hustling
the chauffeur's daughter!
We were dancing.
Stop dancing!
You mean to tell me I can't
have a drink and a dance
with an old friend?
Do I look stupid?
I never thought of myself
as stupid, but maybe I am.
I didn't do anything.
You were planning to.
How do you know?
You're kidding, right?
David, you're like my own son.
I am your own son, mother.
Exactly!
I endured 21 hours of hard labor
to bring you into the world.
The doctors begged me
to take drugs,
but I kept saying
I wouldn't do anything
to hurt my child.
Well, I changed my mind.
You screw up with Elizabeth,
and I swear I'll kill you.
I don't know.
There's something about Sabrina.
I think... I know
this sounds crazy...
But I really think I'm
falling in love with her.
Oh, God!
Listen, I didn't plan this.
I can't help it.
She's so...
Something.
Sensational.
The last time you found
someone sensational,
it cost the family
$1.5 million.
No! This time
it's different.
Oh, that's so original.
What about Elizabeth?
You finally find
the right girl...
Who's got the right parents
who own the right company.
You asked her to marry you!
Actually, she asked me.
Mother, go outside and
blow out your candles.
Can't we send somebody?
David, what do you
think Sabrina wants?
She's lived her whole
life above that garage
with her nose pressed
against the glass,
or in that tree,
watching us at parties.
Now you invite her to one.
You're in your Rolex
jacket or whatever.
You tell her to
meet you in the solarium.
She knows you're gonna show up
with a bottle of champagne.
That's not it. That has
nothing to do with it!
She knows what's coming...
The jet to Martha's Vineyard,
the cottage full of
food and flowers,
house seats to some
sold-out show.
Drinks at the Carlyle.
A day or two of that,
she'd fall for Noriega.
You don't know her. You don't
know the way she makes me feel.
I can't be engaged to somebody
when I feel like this.
David, sit down. I can't
talk about this right now.
I have to be some place.
Just sit down.
(CRUNCHING)
(SCREAMING)
What?
I sat on the glasses!
Don't move. Mother, go get Dr.
Calloway.
He's at the bar. Who put
glasses on the chair?
I'm bleeding! Could we
talk about this later?
Oh, my God!
Linus, stay with him!
Darling, don't worry.
Just elevate... Something.
Ah... God.
Bad?
Sabrina, she's waiting for me.
I'll take care of her.
(GLASSES CLINKING)
Linus.
Hello, Sabrina.
I have a message from David.
He won't be able to make it.
He sent me.
I'm sorry.
You're upset.
Of course.
Yes. No. Uh...
I don't know.
(CHUCKLING)
I'm a little tired.
Why didn't he come?
He was on his way. He
had a slight accident.
He sat on a champagne flute.
Is he okay?
He's in the emergency room.
Emergency room?
It was a sharp flute.
Hey...
That's a little joke.
(POPPING)
Should I drive over to see him?
He'll be fine.
Couple of stitches.
You can see him tomorrow.
What's this for?
Part of the message from David.
They've sent you to deal
with me, haven't they?
They?
Like a lawyer in a movie.
He goes to the
unsuitable waitress
or showgirl or...
Chauffeur's daughter
and says the family is
prepared to offer you $100,000
to stay away from their son.
"No," she says.
"150,000."
"No..."
200,000.
No.
A million.
No self-respecting
lawyer would offer less.
waitress...
Would take it.
Good girl.
I've loved him all my life.
Have you?
I thought I was over it.
Surprise, surprise.
You don't object?
Object?
To you?
Look at you.
It's as though a lovely breeze
has swept through
this whole house.
Even though the breeze
comes from the general
direction of the garage?
It's the nineties, Sabrina.
So they say.
* How can I remember things
* That never happened
* Arms that never held me
* Lips I've never kissed
They played that the night
before I left for Paris.
* How can I remember
They often do play that.
Hmm.
He was dancing...
Right here with someone.
Yeah.
He often does
do that.
And tonight you
wanted it to be you.
* I don't know why or when
It's all in the family.
* I feel suspended
* In the air
* Somewhere between
* The dream and the memory *
I never thought of you
as a dancer.
Crazy about it.
Call me Bojangles at the office.
In all those years, I
never saw you do this,
meet a girl here with champagne.
I never did it before.
You never had to before.
Is it impossible to believe
that I want to dance with the
prettiest girl at the party?
Thank you.
Yes, it is impossible
to believe.
Then you don't know me.
Oh, I almost forgot.
The rest of
the message from David.
Oh...
Thanks.
I needed that.
What am I doing?
I should never...
No, no. I apologize.
I should never... You have
my handprint on your face.
Maybe it's better if you pick
up your messages in person.
You'll see David tomorrow.
Good night.
Mack, I'm going to stay out
here for the next two days.
Cancel whatever I've got
and reschedule.
Have the plane stand by for 9:00 am.
Tomorrow morning.
And set up the Vineyard cottage.
I don't know. Um...
Flowers. Candles. Singers.
Wonderful party, Linus. Thanks.
Call David's secretary.
It's the only thing
she ever does.
Linus.
Why not?
Well, hell, I'm up.
You're up.
You weren't? Well...
Call her anyway.
Thank you very much for coming.
Good to see you.
Good night.
(SIGHING) Jesus.
Dog.
Frank, can I...
What is it, an epidemic
of sleeping sickness?
Okay, listen.
David can't stand pain,
so I want you to give him
a combination of morphine
and I don't...
Okay. Not morphine.
But something strong and
mixed with a sleeping tablet
like Halcion.
They haven't proved that, Frank.
Ah, we have no idea.
Maude thinks they were
left on the chair
by some guest.
He's not going to sue
his own mother.
Well, he's not me.
MAUDE: Wait, you're not going
to work that way, are you?
Could you give us a moment?
Sure, Mr. Larrabee.
Tyson say anything after
I left last night?
He wondered where
everybody'd gone.
Maybe I should talk to Sabrina.
And say what?
"Sabrina, you're very lovely,
"but David has
a short attention span,
"and he's just
jerking your chain."
Can I say that to a woman,
"jerking your chain"?
When is Elizabeth due back?
Thursday. Should we try
to get her back sooner?
No. I don't want him trying
to break off the engagement.
This all happened in 24 hours.
I can make it
un-happen in 48.
I like Sabrina.
I always have.
But I'm not about to kiss
off a billion dollars.
I don't care what she
did to her hair.
Good morning.
Morning.
I'll take you up to see David.
Thank you.
(SNORING)
SABRINA: David?
David?
Can he hear me?
David!
Sabrina.
Hi.
Did the dry cleaners
have your car?
How do you feel?
I didn't get there.
(GIGGLING)
Did I?
Are you in a lot of pain?
Am I in a lot of pain?
Look at your little hand.
Guess what happened to me.
(SNIFFING)
I... I know.
I know.
I feel awful.
Me, too.
How do you feel, Linus?
(CHUCKLING)
You're falling a little
behind here, David.
Do you want me to stay with you?
Listen, we got you
a terrific nurse
and a two-day supply
of red Jell-O.
He really should rest.
Isn't Mr. Linus
going in?
He has other work today.
Oh, very good, Madame.
I'm sure he'll be more
responsive next time.
Don't worry.
See you.
Thank you.
Uh, you know, um,
I was wondering.
We have this summer
cottage on the Vineyard
we never use anymore.
I want to put it on the market.
I was going to have
a few pictures taken,
you know, the kind that make
it look bigger than it is.
Mm-hmm.
I understand you have an
interest in photography.
I thought you might
like to take them.
Trip would be no trouble.
Helicopter could
pick us up here.
Plane's at Republic.
Why, is that a lot to ask?
Saves all that time
fighting traffic.
And all those tollbooths.
No, thanks. Something to
drink, Miss Fairchild?
Uh, Sabrina.
What a beautiful name!
Carol.
Sorry, Mr. Larrabee.
Can I get you...
Pellegrino.
Same.
Mack, anything from Granger?
Anybody else at SEC?
Tell him I'll call him
back as soon as I can.
So... That really is
a beautiful name.
How did you get it?
My father's reading.
It's in a poem.
Oh?
"Sabrina fair,
Listen where thou art sitting
"Under the glassy,
cool, translucent wave,
"In twisted braids
of lilies knitting
"The loose train of thy
amber-dropping hair..."
"Amber-dropping
hair." That's so...
Carol.
I'm sorry.
(GIGGLING)
It's... It's an
incredible airplane.
It's beautiful.
I've never seen
anything like it.
Oh. Yes.
Don't you ever
look out the window?
When I have time.
What happened to
all that time we saved
taking the helicopter?
I'm storing it up.
No, you're not.
So your little poem.
What does it mean?
It's the story of a water sprite
who saved a virgin from a
fate worse than death.
Hmm. And Sabrina's
the virgin.
Sabrina's the savior.
(SHUTTER CLICKING)
SABRINA: Is it always
like this?
LINUS: I don't know. I
haven't been here in years.
How can you have
a place like this
and never come here?
Um...
Gee, I don't know.
I guess I...
...just never had anybody
to share it with.
I guess.
You could always hire somebody.
(LINUS CHUCKLING)
No, no. Wait. Not me.
The house, please.
You're in the house.
It humanizes it.
I don't like having
my picture taken.
I come out, uh...
Looking depressed.
Are you depressed?
Maybe that's not
exactly the right word.
What is the right word?
I don't know. Um...
Lonely, maybe.
You think that's funny?
No, I just...
...expected you to say
something else.
No, I suppose you're right.
It is... It is funny.
Linus Larrabee
is lonely. (SIGHING)
Oh, I'm sorry. I made
you uncomfortable.
Come on.
Let's get the outside.
Do you want a view
from the house?
Uh, sure.
Which one?
Um, all of them.
More isn't always better, Linus.
Sometimes it's just more.
Pick one.
I don't know anything about...
Just look. Don't take a picture.
Just look.
Uh... (SIGHING) Ocean,
ocean, ocean, ocean.
Quaint little fishing village.
Ocean, ocean.
Lighthouse. Guy going
into the lighthouse.
There's a job for you.
What must that be like?
What kind of a guy
takes a job
keeping a lighthouse?
Every time I look through
a camera, I'm surprised.
It's like finding yourself
in the middle of a story
like you just did.
What kind of a guy takes a
job keeping a lighthouse?
I think I've been taking
pictures all my life,
long before I ever had a camera.
(PHONE RINGING)
Excuse me.
Well, call him back, mother.
Raise the offer half a point.
No more.
Here? Lousy.
So far I'm more affected
than she is.
I damn near cried twice.
I'm running out of time, here.
I don't know what to try.
Okay, finished.
Well, we'll have some lunch,
and then you probably ought to
get a look at the island
while you're here.
LINUS: You miss Paris?
SABRINA: Not yet.
But I will.
LINUS: You liked it
there, huh?
SABRINA: I loved it.
You'd probably hate it.
LINUS: What? Why?
Well, it's all about pleasure.
They work as hard as anyone.
They just know when to
quit and enjoy themselves.
Oh, what a beautiful building!
Nobody builds
with brick anymore.
That's, uh, late 1800's.
You know, in Paris, they'd
consider that brand new.
I hope they don't tear it down.
They won't. I own it.
That whole block.
I donated it to the village
as a halfway house.
You know.
Jails are full of guys
that never had a break.
Look at this guy picking cans.
They get back to the wall,
commit some kind of petty crime.
They're stuck. They're outsiders
for the rest of their lives.
It's not fair.
Their only chance
is a halfway house
that'll help them get their
feet under them again.
Uh, excuse me.
Uh... Could you
take a picture of us?
Yeah.
It's, uh, that one.
(SHUTTER CLICKING)
Are you done?
I don't think I can eat anymore.
It's too late to give
them their freedom.
You know, you are not exactly
what people say you are.
Oh, yeah?
What do they say I am?
Oh, you know.
No.
Well...
That you're the world's
only living heart donor.
Oh. That.
And... How does this one go?
Um...
"He thinks that morals
are paintings on walls
"and scruples
are money in Russia."
Well, that's droll.
Then there's my favorite...
No, no, no.
I get the picture.
That's enough.
Do you remember
the rainy afternoon
we spent together?
Uh...
My father had, uh,
had driven your mother
and David into town
for a...
A music lesson.
How old was he?
I don't know.
14,15.
That would be the oboe.
The oboe?
Yeah. It was
a misunderstanding.
He thought he was going
to take hobo lessons.
It was a rainy afternoon, huh?
Stormy.
I was afraid,
and I came into your house
and tried to turn on a lamp,
but I got a shock.
And I thought I'd been
struck by lightning.
And you stayed with me
all afternoon
till my father came home.
And you didn't cry.
You were a brave kid.
No.
I was more afraid of you
than being electrocuted.
Everybody was.
Is that the reason
you never got married?
Aw, you probably don't
believe in marriage.
Yes, I do.
That's why I never got married.
David, on the other hand,
believes in the tooth fairy.
That's why I like him.
I like him, too. Matter
of fact, I love him.
I just don't know
what to do with him.
You know, when he was a kid, he used
to love to come into the office.
He'd sit behind my father's
desk and write memos
and read the ticker tape.
One day, he just stopped,
and I can't figure out...
Are those the only things
people say about me?
(LAUGHING)
It was a nice day.
You were a little...
...tough on me,
I thought.
I guess you're used to being
treated very carefully.
When will you have the pictures?
Tomorrow.
Could you drop them
by the office?
Sure.
Well, good night, then...
Sabrina Fair.
Linus?
Yeah?
My father once asked David
why he stopped
coming to the office,
and David said, "What
do they need me for?
"Linus is there."
Listen, I do real work
in the real world.
David watches
from the North Shore.
I know you work
in the real world,
and you're awfully good at it.
I'll bet you haven't made a wrong
move since you were three.
But that's work.
Where do you live, Linus?
It was a nice day.
Thanks.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
It's open.
Hi.
Where were you, in town?
On Martha's Vineyard.
Linus wanted me
to take some pictures.
Linus did?
I love so many things
about you, Dad.
But you know what I love
best of all?
That you decided
to become a chauffeur
because you wanted
to have time to read.
All my life I've pictured you
sitting in the front seat
of a long succession of cars,
waiting for the
Larrabees and reading.
We had baked clams.
Linus baked them.
I used to be so afraid of him.
It's appropriate.
What was he like as a child?
Shorter.
I look out the window,
and I see someone.
It is a young woman.
So I say, "What is a young
woman doing in the courtyard
"at this time of night?"
So I'm looking and looking,
and I see this Sabrina.
She's talking.
Who's she talking to?
A man! Not her daddy.
He's not as tall.
It was Linus. Sabrina
went out with Linus.
It was Mr. Linus.
Sabrina went out
with Linus Larrabee?
That's too weird.
I thought he was gay.
Mr. Linus
is not a gay.
It's not "a" gay, Rosa.
It's just "gay."
Linus Larrabee is gay?
That makes me like him better.
Linus Larrabee
is a heterosexual.
(DOG BARKING)
Shh.
He's still sleeping.
Oh. Is that normal?
When you're taking what
he's taking, it is.
But he wakes up
from time to time.
Has he asked for anyone?
Bert and Ernie.
Um...
Could you tell him
Sabrina was here?
I could tell him
the pope was here,
but I don't think
it'd make a dent.
I'm going to the city,
but I'll be back by 7:00.
Could you tell him?
MACK: Quarterly reports from
publishing will be online at 4:00.
International wants a
teleconference at 5:15.
Mack, you know that old brick building
that we own out at the Vineyard?
Yes.
You ever heard me referred to as
"the world's only
living heart donor"?
(LAUGHING)
Have the Rons find out
if there's any tax advantage
to donating that building
to the town out there.
And if there isn't?
Then forget it.
Oh, and I want
two tickets tonight
for whatever Broadway show
nobody can get tickets for.
And a table
at the Carlyle for drinks.
For whom?
Me.
I know. I seldom go
to the theater.
Seldom?
Okay. I'm not
a theater buff.
Buff?
(SIGHING)
The most difficult tickets
will be for a Broadway musical.
Okay.
That means that
the actors periodically
will dance about
and burst into song.
Mack, forget the thing
about the tax advantage.
Tell the Rons I want that
building donated to the town.
And I want it used
as a halfway house.
MACK: Sabrina Fairchild.
Come in.
Hi.
Hello.
Sit down. Make
yourself comfortable.
Thanks.
Wow.
It's, uh...
Big.
This is where I do
that real work
in the real world,
instead of living.
Oh... You remembered.
Doesn't come up every day.
Would you like some coffee?
No, thanks.
Some of these are very good.
(CHUCKLING) Don't sound
so surprised.
I'm not.
This is an unusual
view of the house.
Oh. Um...
Well, you said you wanted
it to look bigger.
Sorry.
Then... No. You have...
Here.
You got to admit,
it's beautiful.
I probably would,
if you'd let me.
(CHUCKLING)
I found myself in Paris.
A friend said that.
You were missing?
Yes.
I once was lost
and now am found.
You're making fun.
It's my turn.
You're very photogenic.
It's 'cause I'm handsome.
Mmm, no, that's not it.
But not as handsome as David.
Nobody's as handsome as David.
Even David.
Don't tell him that
till he's fully recovered.
Are you sure I can't
get you anything?
Cafe au lait, snails,
french fries?
(CHUCKLING)
Theater tickets?
I thought I'd take
my first step towards...
What is all that French stuff...
The good life,
knowing when to quit?
Maybe it's a bad idea.
Know what's a good idea?
SABRINA: It was my
favorite food in France.
There's this little
place in Pigalle.
I ate there
at least twice a week.
It's good.
Enjoy.
Oh, it's really so much better
if you eat with your hands.
Do you mind?
No, no.
No. Ow!
Not since I made
that contribution
to the NYU burn unit.
(CHUCKLING)
It's good.
Very good.
It's interesting. Have to
try it with soup sometime.
(LAUGHING)
(TALKING INDISTINCTLY)
SABRINA: I used to walk
everywhere in Paris.
I used to walk from Montmartre
down into the center of the town.
Along the Seine
there's a 4-mile walk
that goes from Ile Saint-Germain
to the Pont d'Austerlitz.
It takes you past
all the bridges of Paris,
23 of them.
You find one you love
and you go there every day with
your coffee and your journal,
and you listen to the river.
What does it tell you?
That's between
you and the river.
You know, it's funny. Listening
to you talk makes me...
Makes me wonder if I should...
What?
I don't know.
Something's different.
I feel... different.
At work, I... I don't...
I love the action,
but, um...
Sometimes I wonder...
...lately, especially...
...been wondering...
What it would be like...
(SIGHING)
Um...
To spend some time in a place
that I love like that,
and not just a few days, but...
For a real change.
Actually, I think I've been
thinking about it a long time.
I just, um...
I just didn't know it until...
Till you, um...
What exactly are you saying?
I'm not sure.
I do what my dad did.
He...
(SIGHING) He did
what his dad did.
My whole life, I've...
I never chose.
The past gets deeper,
more familiar, but...
You're not really
thinking about Paris.
No.
No, you're probably right.
How could I be?
Am I a lost cause then?
I don't like to think of
anyone as a lost cause.
(GASPS) What time is it?
9:45.
I forgot I told the nurse to
tell David I'd look in on him.
He's probably sleeping.
We can go.
No, you're right.
I can...
No. Come on.
Let's walk a little.
LINUS: Was there anything you
didn't like about Paris?
How expensive everything is.
Well, I'd have
to learn how to say,
"I'm just looking."
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
How do you say,
"This is what I want"?
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
How do you say...
"I'm looking at what I want"?
I don't remember.
I brought you some tea
and some flowers to
brighten up your room.
Have you been watching
Remains of the Day again?
She can handle herself
with him, you know.
She's not a little girl anymore.
It's just she seems... I don't
know, displaced right now.
She doesn't belong in a mansion.
She doesn't belong above
the garage, either.
Most people live in between.
Have your tea and try to sleep.
Hi.
SABRINA: David.
How are you feeling?
Great.
Just felt like getting
out of bed for a while.
Mack says you guys
went to the theater?
Just dinner.
Moroccan, on the floor.
Lots of cinnamon.
What's the word from Calloway?
I'm healing fast.
I just can't eat
on the floor yet.
Well, it was good.
Thanks.
You heading back to the city?
No. It's getting kinda late.
I think I'll sleep out here.
Good night.
Good night,
Linus. Thanks.
So...
You...
I've been thinking about you.
Have you?
What were you thinking?
I think we never had that
drink in the solarium.
We never did.
You sent Linus.
Ah.
Are you sure you should
be walking around?
Hey.
David, what's going to happen?
Well, I could probably scare
us up some champagne,
a couple of Dixie cups.
I'm through with glasses.
We could hobble down to the solarium
and pick right back up where...
No. I meant after that.
After that?
Well, shucks.
Whatever.
I don't know.
Don't you?
Well, not exactly.
Is that so bad?
No.
We can talk about all that
later, can't we?
Yes...
But tomorrow.
I really think
you should rest now.
Okay.
SABRINA: Good night, David.
MACK: Good morning, sir.
How was the theater?
Come in, Mack.
That bad, huh?
I want you to get me two tickets
on Air France to Paris,
one in my name and one in the
name of Sabrina Fairchild.
That's it.
What day are we flying?
Tomorrow.
Oh! I almost forgot.
The Tysons are here waiting.
Did we have an appointment?
Not in my book.
They showed up.
I put them in David's office.
Is my mother in yet?
I got the same thing
with a nephew.
I gave him a huge office,
but he's never there either.
So, we use it for lunches.
These are the invitations.
We thought we'd use
recycled paper.
Why does it always look dirty?
Oh, Maude.
Now, which do you like,
the taupe or the buff?
What's the problem, Patrick?
No problem
from our point of view.
I feel like a... (SIGHING)
What's that word,
when lots of guys are after you?
Whore.
I was thinking more, uh...
Debutante.
Somebody else wants to be in
bed with Tyson Electronics.
You know Intermedia?
Mm-hmm.
Impressive proposal.
Cash, stock...
And they don't want to tell me
how to run the business.
How flattering for you, Patrick.
So how did you
leave it with them?
I told them we're practically
family, you and I.
I couldn't possibly
entertain their offer
at this time.
Good.
But Elizabeth
came home last night.
She called David.
And we got the impression...
You. You got
the impression.
I got the impression that he
wasn't as anxious as he should be
to see her.
But he's not himself, Patrick.
He's been injured.
He's on very heavy medication.
He wants to be perfect
before he sees her again.
That's what I thought.
(TELEPHONE RINGING)
Hello?
LINUS: Good morning.
Linus.
Listen, would you mind
another trip into the city?
I've got some business I'd
like to discuss with you.
Business?
LINUS: Yeah.
I was wondering if you could
meet me here this afternoon.
I don't know. There's
something I ought to do.
It would mean a great
deal to me if you could.
That little leprechaun was
making a veiled threat.
There was no veil.
Should we do something?
It's under control.
I'm going to Paris tomorrow.
What?
It's a long story.
I like long stories.
Well, you won't like this one.
Try me.
Things have been
progressing with Sabrina.
We've... bonded.
We've been confiding
in each other.
Last night,
over a handful of chicken,
I told her I thought my life was
in need of some radical changes.
I told her I was thinking
about getting away.
Moving to Paris.
She thought that was
a great idea.
And she believed you?
More than that, I think she'll
want to go with me.
How do you know?
The same way I knew fiber optics
would replace coaxial cable,
that Intel's chip
would change the industry,
that Cindy Crawford's House
of Style would be a big hit.
I just know.
So here's the way
it'll play out...
Sabrina will go
to Paris with me,
a wiser David
will return to Elizabeth,
I'll come back from Paris
to sign the papers,
the merger will close.
We'll make a very large
sum of money,
and you can
buy a house in Tuscany.
I have a house in Tuscany.
What happens to Sabrina?
She grows up.
You're going to ditch her?
My goodness.
How did you think this was
going to happen, Mother?
Did you think there was some nice
way to do it? Some sweet way?
I don't know what I thought.
I just don't want
Sabrina to be...
What, unhappy?
In all these years, you've never
once seen the face of somebody
the day after we've taken over
their business, have you.
You're at the hairdresser
or celebrating.
I think I'm getting old.
I feel terrible.
Take a pill.
Watch it.
I'm still your mother.
And you taught me
everything I know.
I didn't teach you this.
Excuse me. I have
some calls to return.
WOMAN:
* Closer, together, now
* Oh, oh, oh *
Miss Fairchild.
He was expecting you
much earlier.
I'll tell him know
that you're here.
Maybe this isn't
such a good idea.
Don't tell him I'm here.
But he pays me to tell him.
Sabrina Fairchild.
(SIGHING)
I was beginning to worry.
Why?
That's a favorite
question of yours.
Didn't you want to come?
Uh, um...
I asked you first.
I asked you second.
Uh...
I've been, uh...
I've been wandering around
Manhattan all afternoon.
Um...
It's something
to do with maybe...
...never seeing
you again.
But that's ridiculous
because we don't, um...
Don't have to, uh...
Well, except by accident...
And, uh...
How could that be a problem?
(SIGHING)
Um...
If two people...
I asked you first.
Well, um...
What you said, whatever it is,
makes what I was going to say...
...obsolete, I think.
Obsolete?
Irrelevant.
Okay. I like "irrelevant."
Do you?
Who cuts your hair?
Tony.
Tony?
Yeah. Why, you think I
should go to your barber?
No, but...
Tony was my dad's barber.
He's 94.
Maybe his hand's
not as steady as it...
As it used to be.
It's just that it's all...
So what's irrelevant?
I want you to come to Paris.
You mean go to Paris.
No. I want you
to come to Paris...
With me.
You're...
You're really going?
It's your fault.
You convinced me that things
were missing in my life.
Like what?
(WHISPERING) Like a life.
I didn't think
you were listening.
I was.
Will you come?
Don't say no.
Will you?
I just got back.
So?
Say yes now.
We leave tomorrow.
(STUTTERING) Tomorrow?
I have to talk to David.
Just come away.
He'll get the idea
in a week or two.
You are formidable, aren't you?
In business dealings.
This isn't business.
Didn't you once say
"Everything is business"?
No.
But it sounds like me.
What will you tell him?
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
I did knock.
Here are the tickets.
And the other things
are being taken care of.
And... Good night.
So it is.
You want dinner?
No.
I could order in.
Oh, Linus.
I... I don't understand
what happened.
I hardly know you.
Oh, yes, you do.
I wasn't even interested.
Gee, thanks.
No! (LAUGHING)
I was interested in David.
He was so much what I wanted
that I had to escape,
and I did, to Paris,
and I wrote in my stupid journal
and I cut my stupid hair
and I came back
stupider than ever.
Oh, Linus!
I'm so happy.
You... You've made me
so happy.
Linus?
I can't do this.
What is it?
You were right.
About what?
About everything.
Everything that mattered.
It was all a lie,
everything I said to you
from the moment I brought the
champagne into the solarium.
I don't believe you.
I was sent to deal with you.
I sent myself.
And I did a hell of a job.
There was a marriage.
There was a merger.
You got in the way.
The plan was
to take you to Paris,
then leave,
to get you out of the way.
Sabrina, I think there's...
SABRINA: What other things
are being taken care of?
What?
She said,
"other things."
An apartment for you in Paris,
and a bank account.
How much?
500,000 francs.
Your first offer was better.
You can have more.
I don't want more.
I don't want any.
You went to all that
trouble just for me?
The helicopter
and the jet and...
It was no trouble.
Was I really so bad for David?
So wrong?
The chauffeur's daughter.
Isn't that all over?
That's not it.
It's about a piece of plastic.
Plastic?
Nothing personal.
May I?
Paris is always a good idea.
I was happy there.
You would've been, too.
I'll drive you home.
I'm flying home.
(CAR DOOR CLOSING)
(CAR DRIVING AWAY)
He shall have music
wherever he goes.
Hi.
You're better.
Oh, yeah.
Much better.
Stitches come out tomorrow.
How about you?
Where you coming from?
Town.
Long evening.
I thought we were going to talk.
I was planning a big stitch
removal celebration.
I thought we'd...
I was with Linus.
You know, of all the
girls I've known...
...and I've
known some...
Is that a song?
You're the only girl
I danced with only once.
Twice.
What?
How could I have forgotten?
Was there champagne?
I was eight,
and you were taking
dancing lessons,
and I was homework.
I'm leaving town, David.
I think I knew that.
I won a ticket to Paris.
Lucky.
One way?
Yes, come to think of it.
Traveling alone?
Yes.
You have a good trip.
You're here.
So are you.
I want you to call
Seattle and Tokyo.
Tell them to stop construction.
Then get the Rons and Tysons
and tell them
there's an emergency meeting
on the merger here at noon,
and take this Paris ticket
that was in my name
and transfer it to the
name of David Larrabee.
I need to see my mother...
DAVID: Linus!
I need to see my mother
as soon as she gets in.
Good morning, David.
Can I get you some coffee?
No? Okay.
I got a surprise for you.
Yeah?
I got one for you, too.
I've watched you
do business for years.
But I thought there was
a limit to how sick...
How could you, Linus?
How could you do what you
did to me and to her?
How could you go that far?
What the hell makes you
think you have the right?
Habit.
Listen, David,
I tried something
and it didn't work.
I mean it worked,
but it didn't really work.
I want you
to go to Paris today...
With Sabrina.
What?
This whole thing
was a business tactic,
but it got out of hand.
Somehow I lost my focus.
I screwed up everything.
But I know it can be fixed.
I manipulated her,
I confused her.
But she's loved you
all her life.
You're what she really wants.
You're what she's always wanted.
Go with her.
It's not too late.
Things will work out.
She'll make you happy.
I don't want her
to have to leave here alone.
What about Patrick
and the merger?
You'd blow a billion
dollars for this?
I see.
Get going.
Go on.
Don't miss the plane.
Ms. McArdle, I want to see
you in my office right away.
Where... Where is it?
TOM: When your mother
and I first came here,
she cooked, and I drove,
and we had no expenses.
After a couple of years,
we had $15,000.
I was driving Mr. Larrabee,
senior, at the time...
And he never closed
the window between us.
He transacted a lot of
business on the daily commute,
and I paid attention.
When he bought, I bought.
When he sold, I sold.
Dad, are you telling me you
have a million dollars?
No.
A little over 2 million.
Your mother and I
were happy here, Sabrina.
We always dreamed of what it would
be like to do this for you.
$2 million might have
exceeded our expectations,
but then, you've always
exceeded mine.
I know what his instructions
were, but it's a mistake.
I'm giving you new instructions.
There's been a change. We...
Just get started,
and I'll call you back.
Thanks for getting here
so quickly.
I need to tell you a story.
And I need for you to tell me
how it's going to turn out.
All those years, you
made all that money,
and you never told
any of us how to do it.
I'll tell you now, Joanna.
Marry me.
Marry me for my money.
People do it every day.
I'm not amused, Thomas,
and I have
a great sense of humor.
Then marry me for love.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGING)
Emergency what?
What's the emergency?
Now, darling, if I knew...
I'm sure there's a perfectly
good answer to that question.
(WHISPERING) I've got my dress.
It looks fabulous.
What the hell is going on?
In a minute, Patrick.
What are we waiting for?
And what's with
Siegfried and Roy?
Just a minute, Patrick.
Okay.
We've known each other
for a long time.
We may have played hardball
on occasion,
but I think we have
a healthy respect for our...
...our individual
business abilities.
We saw the potential
of this merger.
I don't think anybody doubts
it would have been an
enormously successful venture.
"Would have been"?
The purpose of this meeting
is to inform you
that at this moment,
my brother, David...
Is late,
as usual. Sorry.
DAVID: Sorry, everybody.
What are you doing here?
Elizabeth and I
have decided to elope.
Really?
David, where's Sabrina?
So, are we merging?
Are we all one?
Who's Sabrina?
You didn't go with her?
Obviously not, Linus.
Here I am, right?
She's probably having her
beverage service right about now.
Who is? Who's Sabrina? Sabrina.
The chauffeur's daughter.
Don't call her that. She was
after David for a while,
then apparently
she switched to Linus.
She seems to have decided he
was the one with the power.
Is that what he told you?
He told me everything, Linus.
You didn't see her before she left?
You didn't talk to her?
Oh, sure. I said goodbye,
and I think I wished her luck.
Maybe not.
I said I felt kind of funny accepting
my brother's hand-me-downs.
I said, don't take it
personally,
and I told her you've
always been very generous
to your women in the past,
and I was sure she'd be more
than compensated for...
Whatever.
(ALL GASP)
See! I told you.
He loves her.
Who?
Sabrina.
Is he packed?
Yes.
Is who packed?
You are. Just one bag.
Wait a minute. You packed my clothes?
You went to my apartment?
I took her.
We were up to our elbows
in your underwear drawer.
It was like touching
the Shroud of Turin.
Here. Sign this.
It's your authorization
for the merger.
And this.
It gives me the raise I deserve for
the new position I'm assuming.
There's a car waiting
for you downstairs,
a helicopter at East 60th.
The plane ticket's
been changed to the Concorde.
It leaves in exactly 39 minutes.
If you make it, you just
might beat her there.
Go, Linus.
Don't think.
She... She must
absolutely hate me.
She'll get over it.
We all do.
This is crazy.
You expect me
to just drop everything
and walk out of here?
Running is better.
You're all nuts.
MAUDE: Linus,
you know I love you.
No mother could be prouder,
but I think it's time that
you ran away from home.
But sign these first.
If you'll excuse me,
it appears I have
a previous engagement.
Now, Patrick,
the debt burden
this merger will accumulate
will make it essential to
restructure a couple of divisions
that are generating cash drains.
I've done a very quick review
of last quarter's performance of
each division of both companies.
David,
when did you ever...
Mother, you've copied me on the
financial statements of this company
for 17 years.
Just assumed I couldn't read.
Go ahead, say it.
You don't deserve her.
I don't.
I know that.
But I need her,
and I don't need anything.
(HORN HONKING)
Time to run for it.
I just want to make her happy.
13 rue des Beaux Arts.
ANNOUNCER:
Your attention, please.
Last call for Air France Concorde
supersonic flight to Paris.
Now boarding at gate 34.
Air France wishes you
a pleasant flight.
First time on the Concorde, Mr.
Larrabee?
Yes.
But not your first
time in Paris?
It's my first everything.
Bonsoir.
Paris is always
a good idea, you said.
You said I'd be happy here.
You couldn't have meant
without you.
How did you know
where to find me?
Your father.
I told him I need you.
I told him I'd make you happy.
I promised him.
I thought it was all a lie.
So did I...
But something happened.
It was a lie...
And then it was a dream.
I don't know how to believe you.
How can I ever...
Because you know me...
Better than anyone else.
I think you know I love you...
And you promised...
If there was anything
you could ever do...
SABRINA: Once upon a time,
on the north shore
of Long Island,
not far from New York,
there was a very,
very large mansion.
Almost a castle.
I've been following in
footsteps all my life.
Save me, Sabrina fair.
You're the only one who can.
SABRINA: And on this
very large estate,
there lived a small girl,
and life was pleasant there,
and very, very simple...
But then one day
the girl grew up
and went beyond
the walls of the grounds
and found the world.
* In the moonlight
* When the shadows play
* When the thought
of what could happen
* Takes your breath away
* Sighs and whispers
* Quiet laughter in the air
* Unspoken invitations
everywhere
* In the moonlight
* All the words you say
* Make it relatively easy
* To be swept away
* In the half-light
* Can we trust the way we feel?
* Can we be sure
That anything is real?
* Stars keep secrets
As they wonder discreetly
* While the echoes
Of a song go drifting by
* We must be careful Not
to lose our way completely
* Or the magic That we seek here
* We can't be sure Will be here
* In the morning
* With the moon away
* And if in each other's arms
* Is where we're meant to stay
* In the love light
* When our eyes have grown
Accustomed to the daylight
* We'll see what waits
For us to share
* For all the things We've
dreamed of in the moonlight
* Will be
* There
* In the moonlight
* The moonlight
* The moonlight *